Column Headings  (this list is old and we have more complete descriptions of some of these fields here)
Reference: https://sites.google.com/site/assistmentsdata/home/assistment-2009-2010-data

order_id
These id's are chronological, and refer to the id of the original problem log.

assignment_id
Two different assignments can have the same sequence id. Each assignment is specific to a single teacher/class.

user_id
The ID of the student doing the problem.

assistment_id
The ID of the ASSISTment. An ASSISTment consists of one or more problems.

problem_id
The ID of the problem.

original
1 = Main problem
0 = Scaffolding problem

correct
1 = Correct on the first attempt
0 = Incorrect on the first attempt, or asked for help.
This column is often the target for prediction

attempt_count
Number of student attempts on this problem.

ms_first_response
The time in milliseconds for the student's first response.

tutor_mode
tutor, test mode, pretest, or posttest

answer_type
choose_1: Multiple choice (radio buttons)
algebra: Math evaluated string (text box)
fill_in: Simple string-compared answer (text box)
open_response: Records student answer, but their response is always marked correct

sequence_id
The content id of the problem set. Different assignments that assign the same problem set will have the same sequence id.

student_class_id
The class ID.

position
Assignment position on the class assignments page.

problem_set_type
Linear - Student completes all problems in a predetermined order.
Random - Student completes all problems, but each student is presented with the problems in a different random order.
Mastery - Random order; and students must "master" the problem set by getting a certain number of questions (3 by default) correct in a row before being able to continue.

base_sequence_id
This is to account for if a sequence has been copied. This will point to the original copy, or be the same as sequence_id if it hasn't been copied.

skill_id
ID of the skill associated with the problem.
For the skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills.
For the non skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.

skill_name
Skill name associated with the problem.
For the skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills.
For the non skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.

teacher_id
The ID of the teacher who assigned the problem.

school_id
The ID of the school where the problem was assigned.

hint_count
Number of student attempts on this problem.

hint_total
Number of possible hints on this problem.

overlap_time
The time in milliseconds for the student's overlap time.

template_id
The template ID of the ASSISTment. ASSISTments with the same template ID have similar questions.

answer_id
The answer ID for multi-choice questions.

answer_text
The answer text for fill-in questions.

first_action
The type of first action: attemp or ask for a hint.

bottom_hint
Whether or not the student asks for all hints.

opportunity
The number of opportunities the student has to practice on this skill.
For the skill builder dataset, opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills and the corresponding opportunity count.
For the non skill builder dataset, opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.

opportunity_original
The number of opportunities the student has to practice on this skill counting only original problems.
For the skill builder dataset, original opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills and the corresponding original opportunity count.
For the non skill builder dataset, original opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.